Create ui-c8y-1020-0-17-added-additional-debug-log-for-showing-the-actual-exception-when-a.md (#2164)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-17-added-additional-debug-log-for-showing-the-actual-exception-when-a.md

---
date: ""

> title: Added additional debug log for showing the actual exception when a problem with the config file occurs. (#6385) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6466)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Improved error logging for configuration file issues
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3608
version: 1020.0.17
---

> Added additional debug log for showing the actual exception when a problem with the config file occurs. (#6385) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6466)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
To help troubleshoot issues with loading the configuration file, additional debug logging has been added. When a problem occurs while reading or parsing the configuration file, the actual exception details are now included in the debug log output. This change will make it easier to identify and resolve configuration-related errors by providing more detailed information about the specific exception that occurred.
```
